hi welcome to Alexis kitchen today I'm
going to make me - mixing so for the -
winter you will need a very thin piece
of veal I have an egg wash here with two
eggs and some milk and salt and pepper
I'm going to whisk up and combine all
the ingredients
and then you're going to need some flour
and some bread crumbs
we need a lemon for the decoration later
we need some safflower oil decks for to
bake the schnitzel in the pan and I like
to use the safflower oil because it's
neutral and taste it can take a lot of
heat I need to better and I need a
little bit of olive oil because I need
to flatten out my schnitzel
I don't have one of those meat hammers
to pound the schnitzels I'm just gonna
use the back of my pan I have a little
bit of saran wrap here which I'm going
to put a little bit of olive oil on read
that out put my piece of veal you see
this is already pretty thin but the
middle could be a little thinner put
this on here add another piece of saran
wrap and I'm going to put a little bit
of olive oil on top of the meat so it
doesn't stick to the ceramic there you
go
so it's powder meat you're ready
so that's good
so we're going to start with our flower
and you really just want to thin layer
of flower so don't press the flower in
there just sprinkle a generous on top
make sure you get a great piece of meat
and make sure you shake off the excess
flour there you go now it goes into our
egg wash
and now it goes into the breadcrumbs and
you don't want to press your breadcrumbs
in there because a traditional media
schnitzel has its very loosely breaded
and it's supposed to sort of come away
from the meat when it's done in the pan
and it will create our little waves so
we don't want to press the breadcrumbs
in there so to just sprinkle them on top
and that's how it should look
and now let's go over to the stove and
fry our
let's turn some light on so you see
something turn the oven on the stove on
and in goes our safflower oil oops you
need to open that one first
and you want lots of oil in the pan you
want your schnitzel to sort of swim
around in there and we need some water
and make sure this is really hot before
you put your schnitzel in there you see
all the bubbles which is a sign that the
the the pan is hot and the oil is hot
and the butter has heated up so let's
add our schnitzel
and now I said to you earlier the
Schnitzer should swim in the pan and
we're going to make these movements here
back and forth you got to be careful
because everything is really hot of
course
I don't know if you can see this but you
see how the crust is coming up here and
here that's how this should be
we have beautifulness coming back down
orchid
I think we can flip it now
see y'all even on this side we have
those beautiful way gonna be so yummy
I think Ashley's twins ready look at
this beautiful color and I've laid my
schnitzel on a little paper towel so it
can all the excess oil can go in there
so now all we need is a little piece of
lemon here that will go on top of our
schnitz it and there you go can you see
this perfectly - mixing so I'm going to
go enjoy this thank you so much for
joining me today I will see you next
time in Alexis kitchen bye-bye